README.md, before:

# 🌱 Social Production

A community platform for organising collective projects, pooling resources, and building things together — neighbourhood by neighbourhood.

Think Reddit meets a cooperative organiser: people post project ideas, recruit members, schedule meetups, and collectively fund shared goals.

---

## What is this?

Social Production is built around the idea that communities can produce things together — gardens, tool libraries, murals, classes, housing campaigns — when they have the right tools to coordinate.

The platform lets users:

- **Post projects** with status tracking (Proposed → Active → Completed)
- **Post threads** for discussion and debate
- **Join projects** and collaborate with members
- **Schedule meetups** — in-person or online
- **Collectively fundraise** toward shared goals
- **Subscribe to channels** organised by topic or geography (e.g. Brooklyn, Food & Agriculture, Housing)
- **Follow updates** as projects evolve

---

## Current State (Frontend)

The frontend is fully built as a working prototype with mock data. All pages are navigable and interactive.

| Page | Description |
|---|---|
| `/` | Main feed — filter, sort, vote on posts |
| `/post/:id` | Full post view with comments, meetups, funding widget, updates feed |
| `/create` | Create a thread or project (with meetup scheduling + funding form) |
| `/edit-project/:id` | Edit an existing project |
| `/channel/:name` | Channel page with filtered feed |
| `/create-channel` | Create a new community channel |
| `/user/:username` | User profile with threads, projects, comments tabs |
| `/auth` | Login / signup forms |

**No backend yet** — all data is mock data in `src/data.js`. Backend integration (Supabase) is the next phase.

---

## Tech Stack

- **React 18** with hooks
- **Vite** for dev server and bundling
- **React Router v6** for client-side routing
- All styling is inline CSS (no CSS framework)

---

## Running Locally

```bash
# Clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/YMSVZ/social_production.git
cd social_production

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start the dev server
npm run dev
```

Then open [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) in your browser.

---

## Project Structure

```
src/
├── App.jsx              # Main feed page
├── PostPage.jsx         # Individual post / project view
├── CreatePage.jsx       # Create thread or project
├── EditProjectPage.jsx  # Edit an existing project
├── ChannelPage.jsx      # Channel feed
├── CreateChannelPage.jsx# Create a new channel
├── UserProfile.jsx      # User profile page
├── AuthPage.jsx         # Login / signup
├── FundingForm.jsx      # Reusable collective funding form
├── MeetupForm.jsx       # Reusable meetup scheduling form
├── data.js              # Mock data (threads, comments, channels)
└── main.jsx             # Router setup
```

---

## Roadmap

### 🔧 Backend & Core Features
- [ ] **Supabase backend** — auth, database, real-time
- [ ] **User authentication** — login, sessions, protected routes
- [ ] **Persistent posts & comments** — stored in database
- [ ] **Real funding** — Stripe integration for collective contributions
- [ ] **Notifications** — updates, mentions, meetup reminders
- [ ] **Search** — full-text search across posts and channels
- [ ] **Local feed** — location-based filtering

### 📱 Mobile
- [ ] **Mobile layout** — responsive design pass
- [ ] **PWA support** — installable on iOS and Android directly from the browser (no App Store needed)
- [ ] **Capacitor app** — wrap the web app for App Store & Google Play release (initial native app)
- [ ] **React Native app** — fully native iOS/Android rebuild for a polished, high-performance mobile experience (long-term)

---

## Contributing

1. Fork the repo
2. Create a branch: `git checkout -b your-feature-name`
3. Make your changes and commit: `git commit -m "Add: description of change"`
4. Push to your fork: `git push origin your-feature-name`
5. Open a Pull Request — describe what you changed and why

Please keep PRs focused on a single feature or fix. If you're planning something large, open an issue first to discuss.

---

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Fix: update license in README from MIT to AGPL-3.0

README.md, after:

# 🌱 Social Production

A community platform for organising collective projects, pooling resources, and building things together — neighbourhood by neighbourhood.

Think Reddit meets a cooperative organiser: people post project ideas, recruit members, schedule meetups, and collectively fund shared goals.

---

## What is this?

Social Production is built around the idea that communities can produce things together — gardens, tool libraries, murals, classes, housing campaigns — when they have the right tools to coordinate.

The platform lets users:

- **Post projects** with status tracking (Proposed → Active → Completed)
- **Post threads** for discussion and debate
- **Join projects** and collaborate with members
- **Schedule meetups** — in-person or online
- **Collectively fundraise** toward shared goals
- **Subscribe to channels** organised by topic or geography (e.g. Brooklyn, Food & Agriculture, Housing)
- **Follow updates** as projects evolve

---

## Current State (Frontend)

The frontend is fully built as a working prototype with mock data. All pages are navigable and interactive.

| Page | Description |
|---|---|
| `/` | Main feed — filter, sort, vote on posts |
| `/post/:id` | Full post view with comments, meetups, funding widget, updates feed |
| `/create` | Create a thread or project (with meetup scheduling + funding form) |
| `/edit-project/:id` | Edit an existing project |
| `/channel/:name` | Channel page with filtered feed |
| `/create-channel` | Create a new community channel |
| `/user/:username` | User profile with threads, projects, comments tabs |
| `/auth` | Login / signup forms |

**No backend yet** — all data is mock data in `src/data.js`. Backend integration (Supabase) is the next phase.

---

## Tech Stack

- **React 18** with hooks
- **Vite** for dev server and bundling
- **React Router v6** for client-side routing
- All styling is inline CSS (no CSS framework)

---

## Running Locally

```bash
# Clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/YMSVZ/social_production.git
cd social_production

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Start the dev server
npm run dev
```

Then open [http://localhost:5173](http://localhost:5173) in your browser.

---

## Project Structure

```
src/
├── App.jsx              # Main feed page
├── PostPage.jsx         # Individual post / project view
├── CreatePage.jsx       # Create thread or project
├── EditProjectPage.jsx  # Edit an existing project
├── ChannelPage.jsx      # Channel feed
├── CreateChannelPage.jsx# Create a new channel
├── UserProfile.jsx      # User profile page
├── AuthPage.jsx         # Login / signup
├── FundingForm.jsx      # Reusable collective funding form
├── MeetupForm.jsx       # Reusable meetup scheduling form
├── data.js              # Mock data (threads, comments, channels)
└── main.jsx             # Router setup
```

---

## Roadmap

### 🔧 Backend & Core Features
- [ ] **Supabase backend** — auth, database, real-time
- [ ] **User authentication** — login, sessions, protected routes
- [ ] **Persistent posts & comments** — stored in database
- [ ] **Real funding** — Stripe integration for collective contributions
- [ ] **Notifications** — updates, mentions, meetup reminders
- [ ] **Search** — full-text search across posts and channels
- [ ] **Local feed** — location-based filtering

### 📱 Mobile
- [ ] **Mobile layout** — responsive design pass
- [ ] **PWA support** — installable on iOS and Android directly from the browser (no App Store needed)
- [ ] **Capacitor app** — wrap the web app for App Store & Google Play release (initial native app)
- [ ] **React Native app** — fully native iOS/Android rebuild for a polished, high-performance mobile experience (long-term)

---

## Contributing

1. Fork the repo
2. Create a branch: `git checkout -b your-feature-name`
3. Make your changes and commit: `git commit -m "Add: description of change"`
4. Push to your fork: `git push origin your-feature-name`
5. Open a Pull Request — describe what you changed and why

Please keep PRs focused on a single feature or fix. If you're planning something large, open an issue first to discuss.

---

## License

[AGPL-3.0](LICENSE) — GNU Affero General Public License v3.0

This means anyone can use, modify, and distribute this code — but if you run a modified version as a web service, you **must** make your source code publicly available. This prevents corporations from taking the code, closing it up, and profiting from it without giving back to the community.
